Written Portion Solutions: 
•	Theme: Get GiggleGit demo into a stable enough alpha to start onboarding some adventurous clients
•	Epic: Onboarding experience 
Complete the following tasks:
1.	Complete these user stories:
o	As a vanilla git power-user that has never seen GiggleGit before, I want to have access to a help tool that makes the transition from other version control software to GiggleGit smooth, focusing the workflow.
o	As a team lead onboarding an experienced GiggleGit user, I want to easily migrate my team’s favorite repositories along with the project’s settings and permissions onto GiggleGit.
2.	Create a third user story, one task for this user story, and two associated tickets.
o	Tasks should be a single phrase. (As should themes and epics. See those provided.)
o	User stories should be one to three sentences. 
o	Tickets should have a title consisting of a single phrase and details that are long enough to sufficiently describe what needs to be done. You do not need to assign points to the tickets
o	User Story: I want to be able to experiment with changes in my project without affecting its main deployment.
o	Task: Create a branch and merge system
o	Ticket #1: Develop a meme-managed merge system
1.	Create a merge software that takes two versions of code and uses a meme library to guide developers into resolving merge conflicts.
o	Ticket #2: Develop a branch system
1.	Create a branch functionality such that developers may branch off of their project and make changes without affecting deployment.
3.	This is not a user story. Why not? What is it?
o	As a user I want to be able to authenticate on a new machine 
o	This is not a user story because it is a functional requirement. It focuses on a very specific functionality within the software.



Goal: Increase developer productivity by refining the diff tool testing experience.
Non-Goal: Redesign the version control system of GiggleGit
Non-functional Requirements:
1.	Permissions and access control
There must be different levels of access control assigned to PMs and Developers. 
2.	Maintenance of snickers
There must be a system for maintaining and managing snickering concepts
Functional Requirements for 1:
Users with the PM role must have the ability to edit, delete, create, and access snickering concepts along with assigning them.
Users with the Developer role must have the ability to sync their changes but not manage snickering concepts.
Functional Requirements for 2:
A database that allows for the easy maintenance and management of snickering concepts.
An algorithm for snickering concept selection that will select relevant snickering concepts based on inputs.


